ATL-3714: Correct dark theme color mappings (#16)
enovaui/design-tokens: lib/CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the flutter tokens module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

> ### Changed
> 
> Dark theme color tokens: Updated incorrect color mappings in dark semantic color tokens
> 
> - onSurface.inputField: neutral-gray-10 → white
> - onSurface.subFocused: cool-gray-30 → neutral-gray-40
> - onSurface.subSelected: white → neutral-gray-50
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed

- `semantic_color_on_surface_input_field` value to `white` in dark semantic color
- `semantic_color_on_surface_sub_focused` value to `neutral-gray-40` in dark semantic color tokens
- `semantic_color_on_surface_sub_selected` value to `neutral-gray-50` in dark semantic color tokens

```

Author: Applied the suggested changes. Thank you for the review.
